Added Problem Definition and Project Objectives (#74)
zacaz90/Tutorial10_Group-1: Report.md

Problem Definition
==================

> Customer experience is heavily impacted because of the call flow rate  in the (CMC) as customers are not being assigned to well informed RMs that have the  most appropriate knowledge about that particular holiday destination and its traditions i.e. their skillset, as well ability to cater to that Customer’s profile. This in turn is impacting RMs performance in selling packages and serving customers effectively and efficiently.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer experience is heavily impacted because of the call flow rate in the CMC as customers are not being assigned to well informed RMs that have the most appropriate knowledge about a particular holiday destination and its traditions i.e. their skillset and ability to cater to that customer’s profile. This in turn is impacting RMs performance in selling packages and serving customers effectively and efficiently. 

```

> Customer experience is heavily impacted because of the call flow rate  in the (CMC) as customers are not being assigned to well informed RMs that have the  most appropriate knowledge about that particular holiday destination and its traditions i.e. their skillset, as well ability to cater to that Customer’s profile. This in turn is impacting RMs performance in selling packages and serving customers effectively and efficiently.  

Reviewer 2: Just trying to slim it down by removing after the comma
```suggestion
Customer experience is heavily impacted because of the call flow rate in the (CMC), as customers are not being assigned to well informed RMs that have the most appropriate knowledge about that particular holiday destination and its traditions i.e. their skillset. This, in turn, is impacting RMs performance in selling packages and serving customers effectively and efficiently.  
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Customer experience is heavily impacted because of the call flow rate in the (CMC) as customers are not being assigned to well informed RMs that have the most appropriate knowledge about that particular holiday destination and its traditions i.e. their skillset and ability to cater to that Customer’s profile. This, in turn, is impacting RMs performance in selling packages and serving customers effectively and efficiently.  
```

> There is also not a defined guideline for RMs to approach outbound calls which effects the service provided to the end customer. High costs associated with inbound calls from Customers due to the per-call handling time is also something that needs to be factored in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also not a defined guideline for RMs to approach outbound calls which affects the service provided to the end customer. High costs associated with inbound calls from customers due to the per-call handling time should also be factored in.

```

> There is also not a defined guideline for RMs to approach outbound calls which effects the service provided to the end customer. High costs associated with inbound calls from Customers due to the per-call handling time is also something that needs to be factored in. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is also no defined guideline for RMs to approach outbound calls, which affects the service provided to the end customer. High costs associated with inbound calls from customers due to the per-call handling time is also of concern. 
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is also not a defined guideline for RMs to approach outbound calls which affects the service provided to the end customer. High costs associated with inbound calls from Customers due to the per-call handling time is also something that needs to be factored in. 
```

> Furthermore, a key issue faced by customers is waiting times during busy times this can have a negative impact on the major  travel company’s brand and make them potentially loose customers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, a key issue faced by customers is waiting times during busy periods. This can have a negative impact on the major travel company’s brand and make them potentially lose customers.
```

> Furthermore, a key issue faced by customers is waiting times during busy times this can have a negative impact on the major  travel company’s brand and make them potentially loose customers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, a key issue faced by customers is waiting times during busy times. This can have a negative impact on the major travel company’s brand and make them potentially lose customers. 
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Furthermore, a key issue faced by customers is waiting times during busy times this can have a negative impact on the major travel company’s brand and make them potentially lose customers. 
```

> * The Call Management Centre currently provides a suboptimal user experience, due to wait times and poor customer-RM matching, leading to user disatisfaction

Reviewer 2: Are we going to keep all of these dot points if it's been summarized above?

Author: These were just dot points from planning, I am not sure if we still need them?

Reviewer: I reckon just remove them

## **Objectives**

> This project is designed to help the major travel company develop an information system to improve the functionality of their in-house Call Management Centre. This is done by adjusting the call flow rate to match customers to a suitable Relationship manager, based on their skillset, product knowledge and profile.The aim is to improve the customer experience and satisfaction. Ultimately the goal is to increase the sales of holiday packages adding to the profitability and provide better assistance to Relationship managers performing sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is designed to help the major travel company develop an information system to improve the functionality of their in-house Call Management Centre. This is done by adjusting the call flow rate to match customers to a suitable Relationship Manager, based on their skillset, product knowledge and profile. The aim is to improve the customer experience and satisfaction. Ultimately, the goal is to increase the sales of holiday packages adding to the profitability and providing better assistance to Relationship Managers performing the sales.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This project is designed to help the major travel company develop an information system to improve the functionality of their in-house Call Management Centre. This is done by adjusting the call flow rate to match customers to a suitable Relationship manager, based on their skillset, product knowledge and profile. The aim is to improve customer experience and satisfaction. Ultimately the goal is to increase the sales of holiday packages adding to the profitability and provide better assistance to Relationship managers performing sales.
```

> This project is designed to help the major travel company develop an information system to improve the functionality of their in-house Call Management Centre. This is done by adjusting the call flow rate to match customers to a suitable Relationship manager, based on their skillset, product knowledge and profile.The aim is to improve the customer experience and satisfaction. Ultimately the goal is to increase the sales of holiday packages adding to the profitability and provide better assistance to Relationship managers performing sales.

Reviewer 2: Just trying to suck up to markers here ahaha
```suggestion
This project is designed to help the major travel company develop an information system to improve the functionality of their in-house Call Management Centre. This is done by adjusting the call flow rate to match customers to a suitable Relationship manager, based on their skillset, product knowledge and profile. The aim is to improve the customer experience and satisfaction. Ultimately the objective is to increase the sales of holiday packages adding to the profitability and provide better assistance to Relationship managers performing sales.
```
